h1. Castronaut

h2. Description

Castronaut is an server implementation for the CAS (version 2.0) protocol.  It is currently a work in progress but should
function properly with the latest release of Restfult Auth.  More authentication adapters coming soon.

h2. Usage

@castronaut@

or

@castronaut -C /path/to/config@

h2. Support

* Database authentication with the restful authentication encryption routines.  
* LDAP (openLDAP) annonymous bind only.  Authenticated bind comming soon.

h2. Configuration

Castronaut requires a configuration file to function.  Your configuration should be similar to the following:

 organization_name: Foo Bar Baz Industries, LLC Inc. A division of Holdings Co.

 environment: development

 server_port: 4567

 log_directory: log

 log_level: Logger::DEBUG

 ssl_enabled: false

 cas_database:
  adapter: sqlite3
  database: db/cas.db
  timeout: 5000

 cas_adapter:
  adapter: database
  site_key: 03523your093023site0985225key098290here9
  digest_stretches: 10
  database:
    adapter: sqlite3
    database: db/cas_adapter.db
    timeout: 5000

 Uncomment these to enable authentication callbacks
 callbacks:
  on_authentication_success: http://example.com/authentication/success
  on_authentication_failed: http://example.com/authentication/failed

 extra_ui_actions:
  'Forgot Password': http://example.com/

h3. or if you are using LDAP

 Use this example if you are using LDAP as your authentication source
 cas_adapter:
  adapter: ldap
  host: localhost
  port: 389
  prefix: cn=
  base: dc=example, dc=com
